feat: Check imports of inline Alloy config in OTel mode (#6677)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/set-up/otel_engine.md

1. **Server ports**: The {{< param "DEFAULT_ENGINE" >}} exposes its HTTP server on port `12345`.
   The {{< param "OTEL_ENGINE" >}} exposes its HTTP server on port `8888`.
   The {{< param "OTEL_ENGINE" >}} HTTP server doesn't expose a UI, support bundles, or reload endpoint functionality like the {{< param "DEFAULT_ENGINE" >}} does.

> 1. **Inline configuration module path**: If `config.inline.module_path` isn't defined, the `module_path` Alloy config keyword resolves to the process current working directory.

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/grafana/alloy/pull/6677/changes/9c0c54a6013680bb0f5564a9e4b18b6d2ec4af4b

> 1. **Inline configuration module path**: If `config.inline.module_path` isn't defined, the `module_path` Alloy configuration keyword resolves to the process current working directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Inline configuration module path**: If `config.inline.module_path` isn't defined, the `module_path` {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} configuration keyword resolves to the process current working directory.
```
